I I wasted so much time today it's
amazing I was able to even get dressed
for the show I got it I got a text this
morning from Will Arnett this is will
you may know him as Lego Batman so the
text will sit well let's go over to the
big screen and I will show you the text
that well sent here so here we go this
is bring it up this is from well he's
dude it's Arnett as a parent you'll
appreciate this this is where I should
have known something was up you see the
camera button next to where you type
when you text on my iPhone hold it down
and slide your finger up to the other
camera button that's gonna come up and
hold it then release it's all these
filters nobody knows about now so I do
this because it's something nobody knows
about of course I have to get in on and
even though I never used filters ever
anyway I never even stop to wonder why
will is all of a sudden being so helpful
when he has literally never said or done
anything helpful before ok so as soon as
I hold the camera button down and I
slide my finger up that my phone takes a
picture of me and instantly text it to
him
matically sending it so now whatever
plans I had for the day are off
I will now spend the next six hours
doing this to all of my friends so I
sent the same text about holding the
camera button down and sliding your
finger up and the filters nobody knows
about I said it - well first I sent it
to my mother she did it and she tried
again
since I keep taking photos of myself
April a hole she calls me at the bottom
I did it to my dad I did it to our
bandleader Cleo Cleo tried it over and
over and over again how many times did
you try and clean up time five times
I think it's go to the next one oh this
Cleo again I did it to Jeff Ross the
comedian he did it four times that's my
son Kevin looking bewildered my
brother-in-law Mike fell for it
this is a Jason one of our producers
this is my friend Daniel this is our
co-head writer Danny I got Guillermo I
got you
[Applause]
[Music]
I couldn't stop doing it go to the next
one this is another one of a producers
Doug
that's my cousin Sal this I did that's
Carson Daly I'm gonna get him
there's our announcer Dicky who it took
binky - shots - it's a flattering angle
- did you just make me take two stupid
pictures of me or they're really filters
the thing and this will get ready for
this one because this is that's Anthony
Anderson but when I texted him happy to
be on the toilet we just say it's bad
but it could have been a lot worse
[Applause]
[Music]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel thanks for watching
it means a lot to me and if you'd like
to take our relationship to the next
level click the subscribe button below
I'll wait for you
[Music]